alrighty everybody DSP here welcome back
this is part 2 of ask the King episode
82 for July 9 to 2020 analysts about
date was um welcome back if you missed
part 1 go check it out it should already
be on demand on the king of hate vlogs
if you're watching this on YouTube
you're watching this on livestream well
you just gonna have to wait a little
while for that to go live later today
but I think we should jump right into
the next slew of questions so let's do
that
the next question is from oh let's see
here a Kill Bill 216 and he says I miss
2018 we had God of War spider-man
Assassin's Creed Red Dead Redemption to
Detroit become human and more in my
opinion games in the last year and a
half have been such a letdown with a few
good titles here and there I know you
would need to do research to really find
the answer but when you consider 2018 to
be one of the best years for game
releases in recent memory yes it's weird
it's definitely weird how the game
landscape works because it seems like
every three years or so we have a crazy
good blockbuster year seriously like now
or the year that BioShock Infinite came
out I remember that year being like
insanely outstanding like Call of Duty I
think was great that year and you got
Assassin's Creed that year like that
year was like so many giant high-profile
releases and they were all good so you
get to the end of the year you're like
oh my god you know how am I gonna narrow
it down about game of the year is this
year I have no clue I can't figure it
out and then you end up with a year
where there's like nothing you know like
this year so far everything's been
disappointing to me seriously um and it
just seems like this is a pattern that
you're gonna get one year of ginormous
overload of great Triple A games that
are all amazing and people like holy
[ __ ] you know I just can't I don't have
money to buy and play all these games
and then you got a years where it's like
you know I could just skip all these and
it doesn't even matter
um but 2018 absolutely 2018 was a year
of high highs for gaming umm well and
whatever year I believe you're Batman
Arkham Knight came out which I believe
that would have been like 2015 I think
that was a really good year for gaming
if I'm remembering correctly it's like
so it's it almost seems like every third
year almost every third year
the year when things like just explode
with great games um so yeah old Liana's
coffees give them a couple subs to the
channel one to mark work we're calling I
wanted Tales from the Crypt so thank you
only iced coffee for the channel support
patootie we on random Ron asked the
following question he says my question
is the state of fighting games in itself
the beginning of this generation felt
like there was always some kind of new
fighting game that was coming out now I
barely even hear anything about fighting
games and it's starting to remind me of
the pre street fighter for days even if
I have my issues with evil online it was
still a good way to get lesser known
games attention and even even I only
registered because Skullgirls was gonna
be on that list between larger fighting
games getting bad reps and smaller
fighting games having little attention
and player basis does it feel like we're
reaching another slump when it comes to
fighting games and even if Capcom made
another street fighter or another
moreover there's Capcom game can we
still trust them considering their
recent track record with fighting games
yeah it's funny because I grew up in the
absolute heyday of fighting games but I
didn't really become like I didn't try
to play them competitively at a serious
level until they were almost dying out
okay and then we had the the Renaissance
of fighting games with Street Fighter 4
and now it almost feels like here 10
years later that's all over okay let's
follow the history Street Fighter 2
released in I believe it was 1991 in in
Japan and I forgive it's 91 or 92 in
American arcades and we created a whole
new genre of competitive fighting games
then you had though many versions of
Street Fighter 2 combined with Mortal
Kombat combined with keen other game
franchises that tried to compete you had
Midway who came out with a million games
like like primal rage war God's stuff
like that and then you had killing the
killer instinct series Street Fighter of
course exploded with not only Street
Fighter 2
but then the Alpha series then Street
Fighter 3 and then the vs. series so
arcades were absolutely jam-packed with
fighting games and fighting games
literally drove our caves throughout the
1990s the reason why why our video
arcades were so popular then around the
year 2000 it all crashed the market kind
of crashed not to say that the fighting
games were worse but I think maybe there
was over saturation because there was
literally 3 to 4 Capcom fighting games
out at the same time while he also had
Tekken
you have Virtua Fighter you have Mortal
Kombat so you had so much going on at
once that maybe there was just too much
at once and what ended up happening was
Capcom had a big shift in their division
after a few big failures like ultimately
Capcom felt Street Fighter 3 was a big
failure they tried something different
with improved graphics and a very
different kind of gameplay engine and
overall they did not sell anywhere near
as many as they wanted to especially cuz
the hardware was so expensive to put in
a gameplay to put into a game cabinet
and basically the Foo Fighter fee was a
ginormous flop for them they tried a few
other things like Capcom vs. SNK 1 & 2
really the only game that was making
them tons of money at the time was the
vs. series so more was Capcom 1 & 2 but
Capcom decided they wanted to go in a
different direction they basically kind
of almost shuttered up their arcade
division and started working primarily
on games like resident evil Devil May
Cry a different focus for the company
and so from the years of say the year
2000 all the way through like 2008-2009
Chow calm really wasn't giving a [ __ ]
about fighting games the few that they
released were absolutely terrible like
Capcom fighting Jam a game that had like
only a few new sprites everything else
was reused from other games and the game
played like [ __ ] um so when the cat yeah
basically when consoles came out Capcom
was like screw it when they kind of
retired their fighting game division now
I'm not saying the fighting games died
out completely Mortal Kombat turned
primarily into a console based
experience that really wasn't played
competitively anymore it was more like
just messing around with gory stuff at
home um Tekken remained competitive but
because of the decline of arcades and
because of the decline of major fighting
games available Tekken really didn't
break into the mainstream as a ginormous
thing like Street Fighter everyday um
and so there was basically to maintain
competitive fighting games in the 2000s
it was a grassroots movement it was just
people who absolutely loved fighting
games and playing them at a competitive
level who did these little homegrown
tournaments it wasn't about backing from
from companies and sponsorships and
Capcom never
sponsored a tornament but they were we
call them the big four okay we call
super turbo super XI Fighter 2 turbo
Capcom vs. SNK 2
as Capcom to and she fired a three third
strike those were the big four capcom
tournaments that had a major fighting
tournament you would hold then you would
have things like Tekken whatever the
latest tech ingane was if there was a
new Virtua Fighter available on a
console and then maybe a few other games
like guilty gear and stuff crammed in
there that was a major finding him
tournament back then but no exaggeration
for like the year 2000 2001 all the way
to 2009 which new fighter for there were
no new Capcom fighting games at all so
it was very very uh lackluster
there were some ports they tried to port
the games and stuff but it was never
really mainstream appeal so that was
really a dead time for games then all of
a sudden out of nowhere after like
almost a decade capcom decides they want
to rejuvenate the Street Fighter series
with the first numbered entry in Street
Fighter in over eight years which should
be fighter for modernize graphics new
gameplay mechanics basically recreating
Street Fighter from the ground up having
some familiar feelings from previous
tree Fighter games but also having new
elements to it
she fighter 4 completely exploded with
popularity when it released Andry vigor
invigorated the entire gaming genre in
fact it prompted games franchises like
Mortal Kombat to reinvent themselves and
become more serious and more competitive
again after you know a decade of kind of
just being a silly mess around game that
you would you would do at home but there
was really no competitive play for it
all of a sudden Mortal Kombat comes back
Tech in gianormous in a big way you're
right and that was around 2009 so I was
about 11 years ago
and of course we had all the versions of
Street Fighter 4 that lasted Wow good
four or five years we have the versus
more vs. Capcom 3 ultimate world were
Scout comm 3 um and then Capcom started
to lose their way with stuff like like
what was it shoot Fighter cross Tekken
um and then I hate to say it was true
fighter 5 being such a flop at launch
and then eventually gaining traction
over the years primarily because of
hardcore fighting game community support
let's be honest here is XI Fighter 5 as
popular as it is because it's a good
game or is it because it's the only game
from Capcom that they really promote and
do any kind of updates to you see what
I'm saying like
outsider Street Fighter 5 what else is
there Capcom hasn't put out a new
fighting game at all so because of that
that's what people have to play
so it remains the top game from Capcom
for fighters despite the fact that
honestly we could go for something
better right so it really feels to me
like you're right Street Fighter 5 has
now been out I mean the beta came out in
2015 the full game came out early was
early 2016 so the games been out for
over 4 and a half years and we just keep
season after season tweaked after
tweaked enough is enough we need
something new you know what I mean like
we need a new game to reinvigorate the
fighting game community and Capcom
doesn't seem very eager to do it they
just want to keep milking the same cow
and beating the same dead horse despite
the fact that I have always hated the
game and a lot of people in the
competitive fighting game community
basically said they didn't like Street
Fighter 5 and even though it does have a
vibrant community of competitive players
it's probably not for the right reasons
you know what I mean um now older
franchises have continued on Tekken
continued on with new iterations um we
had to hold dragon ball fighters right
oh my god dragon ball fighters
ginormously popular at the time but now
look at the sharp decline dragon ball
fighters is nowhere near as popular as
it was over about two and a half years
ago in fact you barely ever hear it even
talked about anymore right um and this
is a major problem with fighting games
now it seems like they've come out
there's giant hype behind them for a
little bit and then they just kind of
fizzle out it didn't used to be like
that like I said we played the big 4
Capcom games from the year 2000 to 2009
you know what I mean we put nine years
and out what other fighting game has it
has longevity for 9 years in the modern
era probably none right um yeah I mean
that's a good point
like look at Dead or Alive 6 where no
one even played it the game was an utter
failure and flopped completely um yeah
things just aren't doing so well for
fighting games in my opinion Mortal
Kombat 11 came out people played it
competitively and then kind of are like
men and you know what I mean like that's
what's happening with these games
they're getting popularity for a very
limited time and then they kind of die
out so I do I actually agree with you
here um Rinda rod but i think that
fighting games are kind of at a point
where is it as bad as
was in the mid to late 2000s no we're
not there yet but it certainly feels
like we're getting there like since we
haven't had anything new from Capcom in
five years
okay um check-in is taking forever to
release new games right um
Mortal Kombat and injustice are
continuing on from nether realm but they
kind of fizzle out competitively after a
very short period of time so in reality
what do we really have that's that's
really you know mainstream supporting
the fighting game community is vibrant
and you know nothing nothing it's the
very again in 2009 you had two fighter
for Marvel's Capcom 3 all these new
versions of Street Fighter 4 and then a
new version was Capcom 3 Street Fighter
cross Tekken multiple versions of
members to mainstream second and then
Tekken Tag Tournament 2 Plus Dead or
Alive came back Plus Mortal Kombat had a
reboot it was like wow the fighting game
Renaissance and it's over in my opinion
we are we're getting back to stagnation
and is it because capcom has moved on
and said we want to focus on Resident
Evil and we want to focus on Devil May
Cry we want to focus on other franchises
again maybe maybe they realized we could
just remake old games with modernized
graphics and gameplay mechanics too it's
not as bad or it's difficult to develop
and say a new fighting game from the
ground up or whatever and we can make a
ton of money doing that so why are we
gonna make 3 5 or 6 right now you see I
don't know maybe I'm wrong but it just
seems to me like fighting games I've
completely slowed down and no one really
cares that much about them even even
releases like the samurai shodown game
that came out last year outside of the
competitive fighting game community that
were like foaming at the mouth for a new
fighting game it didn't get any
mainstream appeal at all I never played
I never heard of anyone really wanting
me to play so I agree with you random
Ron I think what would it take for us to
get out of this rut capcom needs to
focus on fighting games again in regards
to like they have to make a new street
fighter for sure it has to play better
than XI Fighter 5 which plays terribly
and then either I would say you know the
vs. series or something new we have to
get like two new fighting games from
Capcom and that might reinvigorate
everyone else to start making fighting
games yeah I don't know
um Zach the guy asks out of the many
Resident Evil games that you've played
what would be your top three and is
there one that you actually really hate
um I would say out of if you look at
every Resident Evil game ever
residentsleeper me started survival
horror like I couldn't tell you any
mainstream survival horror games before
Resident Evil that one just it brought
survival horror into the mainstream with
the way that it handled it like almost
like a cheesy b-movie but it had like
all these horror movie cliches and
things in it it was the first game that
I played that I actually legitimately
felt scared um so that game I will
always hold up in regard as the best the
best survival horror game and the best
Resident Evil ever after that I would
argue Resident Evil 2 remake probably
the best in the entire franchise because
it's got very very challenging gameplay
element especially if you play it on the
hardcore difficulty like I did but it's
got good variety of enemies it's got
great gameplay mechanics it's got
replayability with the two sides you
play with the two different characters
it's just insanely well done probably
one of if not the best survival horror
game that I've played it's just that
good
um and then you know then after that it
kind of becomes I don't know maybe
Resident Evil 4 you know was really
really good when I remember playing I
would say the one I honestly the one I
don't like the most is resident evil 3
I feel Resident Evil three is too short
to be a mainstream survival horror game
there's really no replayability after
you play at once there's no reason to go
back and play it again there's no
scenario B it has a really annoying
gameplay elements in it now the remake
actually did away with some of those
elements like for example a time you
segment where you're rushing through
zombies and if you shoot wrong you
should blow up a barrel that instant
kills everybody that's not even in the
game they actually they improved the
game to a point where all that stuff was
removed but I would say original
resident evil 3 the original version is
probably my least liked Resident Evil
game in the whole franchise
okay continuing on Oh we're only like
not even 20 minutes into this part we
got a lot of time alright the next
question is from Blanca balls and he
asks the following so I've been asking
various questions pertaining to your
fighting game community history such as
playing in tournaments and returning to
Evo in the future for any Street Fighter
game with your recent more extensive
comments on Evo and the developments
surrounding the tournament leader which
we can talk about later I guess I now
realize there's so much more going on
than I ever could have suspected even
with you sharing a lot of your stories
in these past years I actually feel that
need to apologize to you and now I know
what the real deal is just in summary to
see you guys know a lot of people over
the past decade have asked me why don't
I go back to Evo I would love to see
Phil go back to Evo and there's multiple
reasons why first and primarily is that
because I've moved on from being a
competitive fighting game player I don't
really care about it anymore um as much
as I do get the bug to play games at a
competitive level and maybe win some
matches and go back to play super turbo
or something like that it's not worth
the amount of sacrifice that it takes
the amount of work I'd have to put into
it the money and time to go travel you
know what I mean it's just not worth it
oh that's really the reason why you
haven't seen me Evo or tournaments or
anything like that but there's always
been there's always been other reasons
like I knew that if ever I go back to
Evo I always face the fact the chance
that I'm gonna kind of get treated
unfairly behind the scenes screwed over
put up against matchups that people know
we're ridiculous and not fair
it's it's ridiculous because if there's
always been this kind of hatred towards
me in the community and in particularly
Evo staff because of bad blood that
happened years and years and years ago
that you would think by now would be
exempt but I really doubt it at this
point they're probably still would be
[ __ ] that would go down behind the
scenes try to try to screw me over so I
really didn't care I'd talked about this
at length recently all the controversies
that's come out mr. wizard
the allegations of his basically
pedophilia actions back 20 years ago had
an arcade in Connect California and how
basically everyone in the fighting game
community kind of always knew the
stories but no one hold him accountable
for it until now because someone one of
his victims finally came out and
admitted that
he basically stared at the guy's dick
which is [ __ ] up cuz the kid was
underage at the time um and then that
not only that but then the fact that the
canons the people who own Evo behind the
scenes knew about this and didn't care
had
Joey Cuellar or mr. wizard be the head
of Evo for years and years and years
despite the fact that he was basically a
scumbag behind the scenes back in the
day don't know about modern day and
didn't care kind of swept it under the
rug didn't give a [ __ ] that ever any of
it ever happened um and now Evo goes
into their hands instead of joeys but
it's like what they knew all this so how
are they any better so all that
happening and Bebo falling apart no Evo
this year now because of all this going
on all right
kind of gives a more interesting take on
all the stuff I said about Evo over the
years the fact I didn't want to go back
to it and stuff um just imagine you're
getting into the fighting game community
the competitive fighting game community
and the first major tournament you go to
that's not in your hometown you get
mistreated you get cheated you you spent
all this money thousands of dollars to
travel across the country just to get
screwed and this the staff tells you
they don't care they just don't give a
[ __ ] tough [ __ ] don't come back that's
the attitude we were given from these
same guys who run Evo you know um they
always thought they were better than
everyone else they were like in charge
because they were bigwigs of money and
if you don't like it it's their way or
the highway tough [ __ ] don't come back
that's what we were told repeatedly you
don't like what we do don't come back um
that's how it was you know um so that's
why yeah Phil you just go back to Evo
for old times sake not only the fact
that I don't really like the modern
fighting is why would I go back to a
place where that's how the attitude is
how it's always been you know what I
mean um so let's continue he says now
for my question okay do you [ __ ] do you
mind people from really asking you about
your tournament days back in Street
Fighter
do you mind people asking you if you
would ever enter another tour to me I'm
just very entertained when you play any
Street Fighter game I'd love to see some
sort of come back to a tournament thanks
for all of your content over the years
do I mind it no and the thing is you
know I get the feeling that there will
always be that element when you see me
play Street Fighter 2
and you see me pull it off cool
strategies and combos and things and
just dominating people Wow I'd like to
see Phil actually go in a competitive
setting and play these games but you
know what I mean like those days are in
the past and I gave him up purposely I
wanted to become a variety content
creator I wanted to go all-in when I was
a YouTube creator now I have a family
and a life and I really have no desire
to sacrifice that to become a
competitive player again um it would be
a very concrete sacrifice as of now with
what I do for a living I feel I don't
spend enough time with my family I wish
I had more time more days off to spend
with my wife and do stuff because right
now we have one day a week we spend
together and outside of that I saw her
this morning
in the morning before I started working
on my stream I just saw her for five
minutes during my break
you know I'll see her for dinner before
she goes to work and I'll see her for
like an hour before we go to sleep
tonight we don't get significant time on
days that we're working it's only our
day off that we really get to spend any
kind of significant time together now
can you imagine
Archy I want to become a competitive
player now I'm gonna have to practice
constantly I've got to travel and pay
money like holy [ __ ]
you know any worth it it's seriously not
worth it
um at all so for me I don't think it
would ever be something that's gonna
happen
would I ever auto on a whim on a one-off
maybe go to a tournament and try to
compete if it was a game that I really
liked it might happen I'm not gonna say
it's completely and utterly off the
table for the rest of my life that I'll
never go play competitor's view fight or
any capacity ever again what is
certainly not a concern it's an odd
consideration it's not something that I
would care about do am i bothered when
people ask me about it no it was part of
my life it was a major part of my early
YouTube career when I was putting out
constant fighting game coverage of Super
Street Fighter 2 turbo HD remix Street
Fighter 4 and its various iterations and
I understand and why people want that
from me and a lot of people want a new
fighting incomes I'll get height they
want to see my coverage of the new
fighting game right and I'm there with
you you remember when world combat came
out last year I played the [ __ ] out of
it I really enjoyed it when new games
come out I play them the problem is
right now there's nothing there's
nothing from Capcom to even [ __ ] play
you know when she fought her 6 come out
despite the fact if I like the game or
not you know I'm gonna be playing I'm
gonna be covering every character doing
the story playing it online you know I'm
gonna do that
that's me as a content creator and
having a background in fighting games
I'm always gonna enjoy doing that but am
I ever gonna want to go back and play
competitive fighting games again in any
capacity probably not but it may happen
am I ever going to Evo probably not
those [ __ ] don't want me back
they never wanted me back to begin with
and now that I've spoken out about mr.
wizard and evil there's no [ __ ] way
they're ever gonna want me back there
petty people they really are they're
petty people and I know that if I went
back I would be treated unfairly so I
really don't ever see unless Evo gets
completely under new management the
canons and you know have nothing to do
with it whatsoever you probably never
see me back in Evo ever again ever maybe
the one exception would be if I don't
enter any official tournaments and I
enter a side tournament for Super Turbo
that has nothing to do it's not run by
Evo staff maybe then I would consider it
but outside of that and [ __ ] ain't gonna
happen trust me trust me they know what
I said on my stream day that's how they
are they probably were sent it by a
million people they watch out
[ __ ] [ __ ] he says that
it ain't worth it RPG fan cheers I like
to see Phil beat up that Wistar wizard
guy I don't want to beat up anyone in
real life sorry okay continuing on um
alright
polish frog actually asked a lot of
really good questions for the show in
fact on the pre stream today I had
people vote for what vest
I would wear if we hit the vest goal
which by the way we're not even close so
maybe this is the end of the vestry
today I have no idea at this point it's
very likely the way that's looking but
um basically polish frog not only had a
lot of good questions about a lot of
good suggestions thank you for that
polish wrong I really do appreciate that
let's get on to his questions okay
I didn't pick all of them I think I
picked maybe one or two of his questions
let's see here so he says it's been
about two years since YouTube kicked you
in the balls with the Google+ suspension
and then Adsense issues that caused you
to go all-in on twitch a little bit of
history on that it was about the summer
of 2018 YouTube screwed everything up
they were actually getting rid of
Google+ but somehow in the process made
it that Google+ flagged my videos
BAM which makes no sense I never wanted
Google+ integration with my YouTube
channels they forced it it was literally
mandatory to have a Google+ integration
then all of a sudden as they were
getting ready to shut down Google+
overnight they determined that all my
videos were spam and they suspended my
YouTube channel cause of it it's
ludicrous it made no [ __ ] sense then
I got all that fixed but by the time I
got it fixed
I couldn't enable ads on my channel
anymore so my whole channel was screwed
up for like two months okay so he says
what do you think about your decision to
move to twitch full-time in hindsight
okay
any regrets about the changes that you
made on both YouTube and twitch around
that time the summer of 2018 do you feel
that you actually made the right move
changing your archived content for the
10-minute recordings into one hour long
recordings which is what I did it was
the summer of 2018 has this led to you
to be more focused on gameplay and
stream chat compared to before when you
had to keep your eye on the timer to cut
recordings every 10 minutes do you think
that you would ever start archiving your
streams as a major 3.5 to 4 hour long
video for an entire stream and then a 2
hour video for the late stream or do you
think that the hour-long recordings are
sweet spot for stream archives do you
feel that going all in on Twitch and
ditching YouTube has been a factor in
the recent positivity that you've seen
over the past year especially since
twitch hasn't given you anywhere near as
many behind the scenes you issues as
YouTube has and also not to mention
twitch as a platform as actual humans
working for them there they don't rely
on BOTS to enforce their rules so it
didn't turn into an automated toxic
cesspool like YouTube is that's a lot of
questions alright alright let's address
each one in order first of all the
changes I made on YouTube alright my
videos went from being say anywhere from
10 minutes to 30 minutes long to
basically a minimum of an hour alright
what happened with that
well according to YouTube stats
engagement went up what does that mean
it means that when you watch one of my
videos more people are watching it for a
longer period of time
it used to be why some videos were
watched for 30 seconds to a minute
people were out now the videos are
longer I guess engagement went on okay
um actual interactions with the videos
went up meaning a video now gets way
more likes
we work you know things on it then it
used it okay well I
you would think those things would have
a positive impact right you would you
would think oh when a video it gets more
engagement or gets more of these
positive factors that YouTube apparently
is weighing then the video should get
more attention and according to YouTube
and the way that they explain their
methodology the more positive
interactions the more engagement of
video gets it's higher in the rankings
you have a higher chance to be viewed by
a wider audience and it's a higher
chance for to show up in a sidebar
someone's watching other videos
oh here's related videos okay that's all
[ __ ] [ __ ] I could tell you that
right now
it's all [ __ ] put in my videos from
10 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes to an
hour did nothing but hurt myself
financially being very honest with all
of you because here's what happened I
used to put out a video that's 15
minutes that video would have maybe two
ads right so if you watch an hour worth
of gameplay that's about eight quick ads
and I would make a certain set amount of
income on that I put out a video now
that's an hour long that's supposed to
have a certain amount of ads sometimes
it'll have no ads sometimes it'll have a
ridiculous amount of ads like 20 ads now
I don't do that that's all automated
behind the scenes by YouTube I have zero
control over that when I publish a video
YouTube just put some ads wherever the
[ __ ] they want and I can't control that
now what I have the ability to do is
every video that I upload to YouTube
after the fact I can go back and take a
look at what happened oh my god this
video has like one ad it's an hour long
oh my god this video is 27 as in it's an
hour long I can see that and I have the
ability to change that in general I just
let it go whatever is on there is on
there and I just let it go because it's
not worth my time
I'd rather be focusing on being a live
streamer and putting out quality streams
for you guys then sitting behind the
scenes on YouTube and adding ads the
leaving ads [ __ ] with ads all day I'm
not a bad guy I'm a content creator
I shouldn't be forced to do that because
YouTube's system is inapt
and it is it always has been YouTube
can't decide anything to save their
[ __ ] life because it's all robots
with terrible algorithm or algorithms
run by people who are in by
who don't know what the [ __ ] they're
doing it's always been like that so it's
funny cuz sometimes people tell me I
watched your whole playthrough I didn't
see a single ad and then other times
people were like I couldn't even get
through your video because there was 27
ads I'm sorry I wish I could control
that I you know unless I'm gonna clone
myself to sit there and [ __ ] with ads
all day on YouTube I have no real
control over and I'll have time to work
on that okay but what I can tell you is
this summer of 2018 I changed my video
format from being anywhere from 10 to 30
minute long videos instead to hour long
videos my revenue on YouTube went like
this into the [ __ ] [ __ ] that's why
I basically had to 100% focus on being a
live streamer and I don't care about
content I create for YouTube anymore
because my ad revenue went from being my
primary source of income to all right
kind of like maybe 60 percent of my
income to alright maybe 50 percent of my
income
- alright still about a third of my
income - like not even ten percent
that's how bad it guys just and every
month it's [ __ ] up - like one month
I'll put out more videos or play better
games views are sky high and I make less
money because YouTube can't sell the ad
space because they suck at what they do
so it's ridiculously ludicrous how bad
YouTube is what I can tell you is this
what I tell you is this all right
luckily for me I have turned things
around when I started being a full time
streamer I told you my goal was to make
it that my shoes would be my focus and
my shoes my primary source of income
that is 100% accurate as of today
YouTube is kind of an afterthought I
don't put effort into what I put on
YouTube it's literally just cut up the
streams upload raw I would never put
effort into a YouTube video because
there's no point there's literally no
point YouTube's [ __ ] their business up
so many times over the years and took
all the control out of the content
creators hands that there's no point in
me even trying
so everyone for years told me if you
make longer videos you'll get higher
engagement your videos will be better on
YouTube you'll get more viewership the
complete opposite happened my views
tanked because I was making less videos
my ad revenue tanked because I was
making less videos and everything
you tube went south since the summer of
2018 because of the supposedly positive
changes I made everyone told me to make
literally backfired and do the opposite
thank God I was able to adjust my
streams to become as popular and
profitable as they have because if it
wasn't for that I wouldn't be here
anymore okay now is it easier now
because I don't have to make you know
take track of the length of every video
and basically say oh I have to stop the
recording start the recording every 15
minutes to 30 minutes yeah that was
annoying you know it became something
natural that I did over the years I
there's almost like a natural timer in
my head I could tell when it was about
15 minutes or when it was about 30
minutes I don't have to do that anymore
I just every hour I just stop it to
start the video again which is pretty
easy to do it's much easier in that
regard for sure um when I ever start
archiving my streams as one video like
let's say ask the king would be one
video for you - all right no and here's
why even though even though that would
make it super easy for me now I don't
have to split it up at all YouTube has
major problems with the longer video is
okay the longer a video YouTube just
constantly has issues if you have a
video that's over an hour
you exponentially increase the failure
rate of YouTube to actually be able to
process that video in a normal time
frame and put it lie if I made ask the
King 1 video and I uploaded it I
wouldn't be surprised if it's stuck in
YouTube processing for a day and didn't
go live for an extended period of time
or just air it out entirely because
YouTube has issues with long videos
always has um it's gotten better for
sure the hour-long videos seem to always
work now which is good but every once in
a while a problem creeps up its ugly
head and then a video gets screwed up
and I have to re-up load it a bunch of
times um but the few times when I would
make a video longer than an hour I just
you know I just seriously think it's
it's not worth it it's terrible you know
I I'm just not gonna bother doing it
it's too much of a risk factor of me
having to upload re-upload re-upload oh
now it's just not working at all split
the video in a video editor and
re-upload I'm just not gonna do I'll do
the like I
said Z our long videos is kind of the
sweet spot for me right now okay um do I
feel like going all in on twitch and
itching YouTube was a major factor in
the reason positivity that I've seen
over the past year especially cuz twitch
doesn't give me any problems behind the
scenes like YouTube does and twitch as a
platform with humans who work there yes
and the thing is um I like I said doing
this kind of content interactive content
with you guys on stream i feel is way
more meaningful and in reality i enjoy
doing this way more than the content i
used to put out um and i just love it i
love being here it's a different
mentality on youtube it was kind of like
whenever i put out a video for like many
years ago i'd sing for the years 2015
through 2017 whenever i put out a video
is [ __ ] on the video tell phillies
terrible harass fill and now i could put
an environment where it's not like that
are there people who razz me all the
time of course and it's fine i run with
the memes or whatever but in general
it's not about a hundred percent fills a
piece of [ __ ] and we're just here to
basically destroy him and make him feel
like he's a worthless human and you know
make his day miserable instead people
actually want to hang out with me have
fun have fun interaction it's good in
that regard and you're right unlike
youtube you got an issue on twitch i
have contacts i can reach out to to get
the issues addressed within a reasonable
amount of time but just in general
i've had any issues like when you really
think about it I think twitch changed
their rules or whatever in early 2018
and yeah I got suspended like twice and
after that I'm it's been two and a half
years I haven't had to speak to a single
person at twitch staff it's not a single
person I've had no issues nothing that I
need to work with them on because I just
do my thing I don't break the rules and
they ignore all the insane stupid false
reports against me and I never have an
issue you know so I love it I look I
love being here on Twitch and yeah I do
I do feel that the positivity towards me
as a direct factor is because I became a
full-time livestreamer rather than a
content creator on YouTube I don't think
that ever would have been possible on
you too I'm serious I feel like I
reinvented myself in the last three
years and this never would have happened
on YouTube that would not have been
possible the toxicity would have always
continued on YouTube no matter what I
tried
Silent Bob just to be $37 thank you very
much Silent Bob for the biggest tip of
the day a very generous tip let's get
that up on the leader board
um and that's gonna propel us to being
more than halfway to the tips go we're
not sixty one dollars in tips for the
day thank you very much for that Silent
Bob is good to see you and thank you for
helping us to try to at least you know
make some headway on the tips goal there
it's amazing
Dulli to 58 to subscribe for fifty three
months duly holy [ __ ]
that's what like five plus years of
support thank you duly for the ongoing
long-term support I appreciate that it's
good to see you guys please give me a
second I'm feel like I'm about to sneeze
I want to use a tissue give me a second
I'll be right back
you
sorry about that my allergies this year
have been pretty bad on and off and
sometimes my air conditioner turns on
and it has oh god I gotta sneeze so bad
I just wanted to get that out of the way
ok let's continue everyone now we're
actually going to move on to Twitter
questions for the second half of this
video I don't already get through all
the Twitter questions we'll see ok so
the first question is from visit vin
vicente he says would you The Last of Us
2 or des stranding which one would you
prefer and why now that's an interesting
question ok that's a really interesting
question and the reason I like that
question is because you've got two games
that are almost in completely opposite
situations alright first of all when you
look at the Last of Us part 2 as well as
des stranding the one thing that both
games did well was the graphics and the
actual like rule design of each game I
think that each one of those did
outstanding that they hit the mark when
it came to you know level design things
you to reversing looked gorgeous the
character models and everything in the
games look absolutely amazing and the
graphics overall just in general of
those games were outstanding right I
mean we could all admit that I don't
think anyone's gonna say now the games
look terrible but they were complete
polar opposites when it came to what was
good and bad about each game so the
Dutch stranding was a game where most of
the gameplay mechanics of the game were
very basic basic third-person shooter
style gameplay there were a few elements
in there that felt kind of like middle
gear admittedly um but it was mostly
about traversing mountainous regions or
rocky regions getting through them and
delivering packages ok not the most
riveting gameplay was there gameplay
with combat and everything there was but
it was kind of secondary to just walking
from point A to point B using vehicles
to drive from point A to point B
building bridges that kind of stuff not
the best game but where there's some
boss fights yes the boss fights were
kind of the more refreshing parts of the
game but even then alright even then
when it comes to I got a ban someone
because they're spamming copypasta
because there's a brain-dead [ __ ]
idiot ID to get
okay even then when it comes to the boss
fights they were more simplistic they
weren't very challenging or interesting
a lot of cases they were just kind of
interjected to feel like oh there's some
variety in the game but the primary
gameplay of des training boring but one
of the best stories of this console
generation for sure if not the last ten
years a completely original work was it
weird
absolutely but was it entertaining yeah
kijima did an amazing job with the story
of that game I like that story a lot
that story will resonate with me for a
long time because it was lengthy and
drawn-out had all these mystery
questions that were answered by the end
of the game all the loose ends were tied
up
yeah characters you didn't know who they
were then they get reveal oh my god what
a twist and all of that and in my
opinion the game's story was absolutely
outstanding
I loved it every moment of it and I was
sad when the game would push me into a
gameplay segment that felt like it was
boring and drawn-out now the gameplay
was made that way for a reason the whole
point of the game was a long journey and
stuff like that and the connections
between people it was meant to be like
that
the gameplay was purposely made to have
segments that felt like they were long
arduous and boring but the overall work
of art when you look at death stranding
was entertaining to say the least it was
a really good game when you looked at it
when you got to the end of that story
like wow I talked through the parts that
were kind of arduous and tedious and
maybe this game could have been a lot
better if the gameplay was better but
man it was a wild ride and I'm happy I
played it at the end of the day you feel
like wow that was a great story man it
was worth or worth the trip The Last of
Us part 2 is the complete opposite
although it has insane character models
that are great and has a great graphics
and all of that great world design the
gameplay is insanely improved from the
Last of Us part one to the point where
the whole sneaking survival looting
solving puzzles platforming aspect of
the game the exploration aspect of the
game believed some bounds better than
the first game the actual just gameplay
of the game is fun much better than the
first game although a lot of people
might say well the first game had more
running gun that is true this game made
the gunplay much more difficult but at
the same time you had other elements
that made that game play better there
was a really cool boss fight that I
absolutely enjoyed in Last of Us part
two so gameplay sky high improving right
like like technical achievement even but
then you look at the story and it's like
the story sadly is not well written it's
time very poorly with with flashback
jumps and time lapses playing as one
character during one timeline then play
is another character side from the same
timeline and splitting it up instead of
me in chronological order just makes it
frustrating and confusing the characters
are not likeable for a lot of people I
know a lot of people disagree with that
but for me the characters are just not
likable because of the way that they're
developed and set up a lot of the
characters from the first game don't
even act like the same people is the
first game they retcon things about
their personalities and things it's just
a mess
the story is a [ __ ] mess and when you
have a game like that most people
enjoyed the Last of Us part one for the
story and then my god the great graphics
of the gameplay were just the icing on
the delicious cake that was the complete
game in this game it's like delicious
amazing chocolate frosting on top of a
[ __ ] sundae
you know I don't want to eat the [ __ ]
sundae in fact I even said to people mmm
if ever there's the Last of Us part 3
which I almost guarantee you there's
going to be a Last of Us part 3 because
the game sold so well I will skip every
cutscene if I replay the Last of Us part
2 I'm not exaggerating I just hated this
story so much that I will play the game
but every time there's a cutscene skip
skip skip skip till I get to the next
part of the gameplay because the
gameplay was great in the graphics were
gravel if to replay it again and
re-experience the gameplay I don't care
about the story it's terrible it's a
piece of [ __ ] and I would you know what
I mean um that's the deal for me
so when I'm looking and you asked me
last part to ardche stranding
I would replay death stranding in its
entirety again if I had a choice between
the two games I would replay death
stranding and its entirety again before
I would replay the last of us part 2 and
it's tiring again I would I would go
through the arduous tedious annoying
[ __ ] and maybe the second time around
try to learn how those stupid pulley
system or whatever it was worked which I
ignored the first playthrough I would
maybe try to do things differently and I
would probably thoroughly enjoy the
story a second time around I would not
want to play The Last of Us part two in
its entirety ever again I just don't
ever want to see those cutscenes what
one more [ __ ] time I would bear
through the arduous tediousness of the
gameplay of Last of Us excuse me of
death stranding again before I would
watch that horrible writing in those
terrible [ __ ] plot of last was part 2
again so Dutch stranding thumbs up last
was part two thumbs down in that regard
the head-to-head battle Kojima wins he
did a better job in my opinion he did
okay um ladies and gentlemen I recieved
a $39 anonymous tip we hit the tips goal
guys let's uh let's update everything
and so the people on the pre stream used
a new system today by which they used
their channel points or penny points to
vote early on what vest I would be
wearing and the vest that one out was
the platinum vest so I'm gonna put on
the platinum vest for the request of the
viewers earlier today we're now up to
$100 the tips thank you for the support
everyone 175 that means we're halfway to
the 200 vest goal and this next
vegetable celebration let me get the
vest on and then we'll continue
okay
that's the vestige achieved all right
guys pwnage 101 reasons crowd for 24
months that's two years the support from
pony engine he says two years we're
sharing the subway anniversary awesome
Thank You pwnage for the ongoing support
I appreciate that
only iced coffee gives it us up to human
milk congratulations human milk and
thank you iced coffee for the support
Alice tell him on to the fifty [ __ ]
cheers you were fully ready to not hit
the street today however we were not
booyah
thank you for that nice statement and
the support out let's tell him on and
only iced coffee gives it us up to
Mockingjay burg congratulations
Mockingjay bird again thank you only
iced coffee alright let's continue Snow
White asked the following question as a
person that's a versatile gamer you've
played every genre of game so my
question is what's your opinion on
decision based games where your choices
decide how the story unfolds and why do
you think they're not so popular or get
recognition like most other games um
what this person is describing is
basically the telltale model of game
where it's kind of choose your own
adventure narrative choices or QuickTime
event choices that you make determine
how the game unfolds um I honestly think
that they're not as popular for two
reasons all right
the first reason is a lot of these games
are bait-and-switch meaning it says that
your choices matter Oh bill a Clementine
will remember that Clementine will
remember that choice you made in reality
doesn't matter like a lot of these games
pretend like the choice matters but they
all steer you towards the same narrative
and anyway maybe there's a slight nuance
in the way that one thing is done versus
another the person who comes with you
the way that you do it but if the
resolution and ending is exactly the
same then did your choices really matter
during that suppose I choose your own
adventure game no not at all it's the
illusion of choice to just end you at
the same destination anyway so I think a
lot of people kind of realize that over
the years at first when telltale games
were making these games people bought
into it and then they kind of realized
wait a minute if you do this choice or
this race it's the same anyway that's
kind of messed up so because of that a
lot of people just stopped caring about
those games there was also a massive
over saturation of the market of those
games for a several year period I say
about four or five years there were
telltale was putting out
way to makin walking dead wolf among us
kills from the borderlands Game of
Thrones Batman one into right all coming
out with like a year like what the [ __ ]
how am I supposed to play all those you
know and that's the thing is like he
just got oversaturated to the point
where people stopped caring about that
style of game until tail went out of
business because of that now the other
factor it here I feel is value for your
dollar and the perceived value of one of
those games if you play a game like that
you're gonna probably play it through
once right and you're gonna really enjoy
it the first time through that you play
it but then is there really any
replayability for playing in a second
time a telltale game almost never the
tell-tale games almost always if not
always have the same resolution it
doesn't matter what you chose it's the
same ending no matter what therefore
there's zero replayability maybe you'll
see a slightly different cutscene here
or there but what was the point with the
games like I would say from the people
who made I forget the name of that Evie
cage when he makes games like beyond two
souls or Detroit become human or you
know heavy rain those games actually
have concrete changes that can happen in
the plots and stuff depending on what
you choose people can die at various
points the outcome of the game can
actually change at the end and at least
with those games you replay it at least
another time just to see the differences
in your choices so at least there's some
replayability there but in general games
as a whole have become longer and more
lengthy and had more content to them in
recent years if you haven't noticed in
the past five years this console
generation is now these consoles could
have more capacity and more processing
power every games open-world at every
game is 50 hours long sadly there's
perception out there that if you make
one of these choice based games plot
based games the game is only five hours
long and you play it once maybe you
replay it one more time and you rush
through it so you got eight hours out of
the game see what I mean the perceived
value is much lower now for me being a
versatile gamer who's played all these
different types of games I can tell you
I've had just as much enjoyment with a
franchise like The Walking Dead from
Telltale Games as I've had with a
50-hour open-world action based game or
RPG well a lot of people don't see
that way they just apples to apples 50
hours to seven hours it's not the same
therefore this games better than this
one and I I do feel that Sally that is
kind of an unfair justification to make
I do feel there is still a place in the
gaming market for this kind of game I
mean last year we had manna Madden later
this year in October we're gonna have a
little hope at least we got the horror
style choose your own adventure game
that's coming out still and they're
still continuing on apparently they're
selling enough that the franchise
continues that's great cuz I like that I
don't want to see every single game
franchise like the David cage games the
games from those horror game makers I
don't want to see those games go away
because people now have perceived value
in the length of a game and because the
games aren't lengthy they're not gonna
buy him anymore so for me I think
there's a way for it I are at a place
for it and a way for those games to be
popular I do and I hope to see them
continue but I think that sadly there's
just these judgments that people make
about those style of games that are kind
of unfair or it could be you know again
their value they see in a game is length
and if those games is usually or not
very long those value is not there and
they're gonna skip them and that's why
people kind of don't hold them in the
same high regard okay alright ladies and
gentlemen it's time for our second break
of the stream so if you're watching live
on streams gonna be on a ten minute
break right now if you're watching on
YouTube this is the end of part two we
come back with part three we'll finish
up the Twitter questions and then we're
gonna open up open forum for people on
the stream to ask some questions to end
the show so thank you so far everyone
for all of your support I really do
appreciate that a lot and I will see you
right after this break Thanks Sienna
vane